README.md, before:

<p align="center">  
  <img src="http://icons.iconarchive.com/icons/ph03nyx/super-mario/256/Retro-Mario-2-icon.png" width="150"> 
</p>

## :cyclone: S U P E R M A R I O - P R O J E C T :cyclone: 


## :cactus: About

Welcome to the **Super Mario Project (_Powered by EBANX Infinity Game_)**, this is a project based on the Super Mario World like as you can notice XD.
The main point about this project is to develop our skill building any Front-End project that we want, from a very simple thing to a nice one.

---


## :cactus: Motivation

Every(_almost_) week at @EBANX, we have a meeting called *Infinity* where our Front-End team discuss subjects about Front-End Development, what we learned and want to share with each other. It's a nice meeting to be updated about technologies and more important, to have a great and healthy interation with the team.

In one of these meetings, we discuss about to go more further to improve our skills and we had an agreement to bring a new project, every single month. It can be a _huge_ / _small_ / _simple_ / _nice_ / _great_ project (**just do it**), it's just to be always a better developer. **LET'S ROCK!** :rocket: :fire:


## :cactus: Why Super Mario?

I just picked one character about our game universe and that's it :information_desk_person:. NO, it's because Mario is a normal guy trying new things to go further your goal, to save the Princess.

<p align="center">  
 <br>
  <br>
  <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/GNvWw0pDL6QRW/giphy.gif" width="250"> 
  <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/PK5AUPEM7MJsk/giphy.gif" width="258"> 
 <br>
  <br>
</p>

If we put this super :cool: analogy in our ~ _Dev Life_ ~, makes total sense. We are normal people, we try new things and we want to go further everyday in our lifes to achieve a goal, as Mario does. We will fail a lot, but we'll win too. It's simple, BUILD TO ACHIEVE.

<p align="center">  
 <br>
  <br>
  <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/bZWKdZSKeUb60/giphy.gif" width="270"> 
  <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/oQs1gG9KlbkOs/giphy.gif" width="229"> 
 <br>
  <br>
</p>

## :cactus: OMG! How can I do it?

<p align="center">  
  <br>
  <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/9w1nlNluy1y1y/giphy.gif" width="150"> 
 <br>
</p>

I know, you are total crazy to do it :stuck_out_tongue:.

### Just do it

Do your project and commit to this repository.

---

Made with :heart:

Commit message:

Update readme #05
Adding project rules

README.md, after:

<p align="center">  
  <img src="http://icons.iconarchive.com/icons/ph03nyx/super-mario/256/Retro-Mario-2-icon.png" width="150"> 
</p>

## :cyclone: S U P E R M A R I O - P R O J E C T :cyclone: 


## :cactus: About

Welcome to the **Super Mario Project (_Powered by EBANX Infinity Game_)**, this is a project based on the Super Mario World like as you can notice XD.
The main point about this project is to develop our skill building any Front-End project that we want, from a very simple thing to a nice one.

---


## :cactus: Motivation

Every(_almost_) week at @EBANX, we have a meeting called *Infinity* where our Front-End team discuss subjects about Front-End Development, what we learned and want to share with each other. It's a nice meeting to be updated about technologies and more important, to have a great and healthy interation with the team.

In one of these meetings, we discuss about to go more further to improve our skills and we had an agreement to bring a new project, every single month. It can be a _huge_ / _small_ / _simple_ / _nice_ / _great_ project (**just do it**), it's just to be always a better developer. **LET'S ROCK!** :rocket: :fire:


## :cactus: Why Super Mario?

I just picked one character about our game universe and that's it :information_desk_person:. NO, it's because Mario is a normal guy trying new things to go further your goal, to save the Princess.

<p align="center">  
 <br>
  <br>
  <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/GNvWw0pDL6QRW/giphy.gif" width="250"> 
  <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/PK5AUPEM7MJsk/giphy.gif" width="258"> 
 <br>
  <br>
</p>

If we put this super :cool: analogy in our ~ _Dev Life_ ~, makes total sense. We are normal people, we try new things and we want to go further everyday in our lifes to achieve a goal, as Mario does. We will fail a lot, but we'll win too. It's simple, BUILD TO ACHIEVE.

<p align="center">  
 <br>
  <br>
  <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/bZWKdZSKeUb60/giphy.gif" width="270"> 
  <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/oQs1gG9KlbkOs/giphy.gif" width="229"> 
 <br>
  <br>
</p>

## :cactus: OMG! How can I do it?

<p align="center">  
  <br>
  <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/9w1nlNluy1y1y/giphy.gif" width="150"> 
 <br>
</p>

I know, you are total crazy to do it :stuck_out_tongue:.

#### Just do it

Do your project and commit to this repository. Share with the world what you build :D

#### Rules

- Create a new branch with the initials ``` SMP-foo ``` (**S**uper **M**ario **P**roject)
- Your project must have a demo inside GitHub Pages or your site, SHARE YOUR PROJECT.

---

Made with :heart:
